README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">GTM Support Core</h1>

<h4 align="center">*** Contributors welcome ***</h4>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://tagmanager.google.com/">
    <img alt="Google Tag Manager" src="https://www.gstatic.cn/analytics-suite/header/suite/v2/ic_tag_manager.svg" height="192">
  </a>
</p>

<h4 align="center">Core implementation for Google Tag Manager support</h4>

---

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/gtm-support/core/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <img alt="license: MIT" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/gtm-support/core.svg?style=flat-square">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@gtm-support/core">
    <img alt="NPM package" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@gtm-support/core.svg?style=flat-square">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@gtm-support/core">
    <img alt="downloads" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@gtm-support/core.svg?style=flat-square">
  </a>
  <a href="#badge">
    <img alt="code style: Prettier" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/gtm-support/core/actions/workflows/ci.yml">
    <img alt="Build Status" src="https://github.com/gtm-support/core/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?branch=main">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  This is the core implementation used by other packages like <a href="https://github.com/gtm-support/vue-gtm">vue-gtm</a> and <a href="https://github.com/gtm-support/vue-gtm/tree/vue2-gtm">vue2-gtm</a>
</p>

## Credits

- [mib200 vue-gtm](https://github.com/mib200/vue-gtm)
- [ScreamZ vue-analytics](https://github.com/ScreamZ/vue-analytics)

Commit message:

Add comment for IE 11 support

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">GTM Support Core</h1>

<h4 align="center">*** Contributors welcome ***</h4>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://tagmanager.google.com/">
    <img alt="Google Tag Manager" src="https://www.gstatic.cn/analytics-suite/header/suite/v2/ic_tag_manager.svg" height="192">
  </a>
</p>

<h4 align="center">Core implementation for Google Tag Manager support</h4>

---

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/gtm-support/core/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <img alt="license: MIT" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/gtm-support/core.svg?style=flat-square">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@gtm-support/core">
    <img alt="NPM package" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@gtm-support/core.svg?style=flat-square">
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@gtm-support/core">
    <img alt="downloads" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@gtm-support/core.svg?style=flat-square">
  </a>
  <a href="#badge">
    <img alt="code style: Prettier" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/gtm-support/core/actions/workflows/ci.yml">
    <img alt="Build Status" src="https://github.com/gtm-support/core/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?branch=main">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  This is the core implementation used by other packages like <a href="https://github.com/gtm-support/vue-gtm">vue-gtm</a> and <a href="https://github.com/gtm-support/vue-gtm/tree/vue2-gtm">vue2-gtm</a>
</p>

## IE 11 support

If you really need to support browsers like IE 11, you need to configure `transpileDependencies: ['@gtm-support/core']` in your `vue.config.js`.  
See [#20 (comment)](https://github.com/gtm-support/core/issues/20#issuecomment-855903062)

## Credits

- [mib200 vue-gtm](https://github.com/mib200/vue-gtm)
- [ScreamZ vue-analytics](https://github.com/ScreamZ/vue-analytics)
